Your home, Meifeng
Isn't he a natural choice for Copper?
Isn't my copper made for him?
Then you can fix the result.
Miss Jiang, sorry
What do you think?
Miss Jiang is the natural candidate who knows copper
Mr. Lu Lu, why are you here in person?
Did I tell you not to move?
What does the project mean?
What age is it?
You don't let people make up, are you sick?
You can't remember a word I said, can you?
No.
This skirt doesn't fit
Scared her.
Chi, I knew you were the best for me
Yang Lan, did you hear that?
Chi said this dress is not for you
You can stop being self-absorbed.
And even if you go out
If you really love someone
Wouldn't put it on the facade with a nut mouth
No. But will hide and secretly protect
Understand?
Drag right here
Lan Lan, don't touch him
Now that that's the case
Let Siuru make a statement
Or divorce
Or break up with this woman
Nan Nan, can you be a little lucky?